HW_03_API/README.md, before:

# Third Homework Task
## Python API to POST requests to work with scoring and interests of users

Before you launch server you should start your localhost memcached to work with api. The command should be like this:
```
memcached -p 11211 -d
```

To start HttpServer you should type 
```
python3 api.py 
```
By default server is on 8080 port of your localhost, listen to memcached on port 11211 and there is no log file, all log information goes to stdout.
If you want to change this configuration you can pass port and name of log file by their short and long options names like this:
```
python3 api.py -p 8989
python3 api.py --port 8989
python3 api.py -m 11211
python3 api.py --memcached 11211
python3 api.py -l log.log
python3 api.py --log log.log
```

To create valid requests to working server you should choose a method which would you like to use.
There are two methods: **clients_interests** and **online_score**.

## Common configuration to all requests

If you want to send request you should create POST request, for example by curl utilite, and send arguments and
parameters in **json** format.

For valid working of API pass next parameters with request:

* account
* login
* method 
* token
* arguments

## Clients interests

To get clients interests you should add ```"method": "clients_interests"``` to your json. Then you should add ids of
users in format of array in **arguments** parameter of your json. For example: ```"client_ids": [1, 2, 3]```. Also you can
add optional field **date** in format "DD.MM.YYYY". The whole request looks kinda
```
$ curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"account": "horns&hoofs", "login": "admin",
"method": "clients_interests", "token":
"d3573aff1555cd67dccf21b95fe8c4dc8732f33fd4e32461b7fe6a71d83c947688515e36774c00fb630b039fe2223c991f045f13f2",
"arguments": {"client_ids": [1,2,3,4], "date": "20.07.2017"}}' http://127.0.0.1:8080/method/
```

## Online score

To get online score of user you want to know about you should add ```"method": "online_score"``` to your json. Then you
should add to arguments map such fields as

* phone ‐ string or number of length 11, starts with 7 (optional)
* email (optional)
* first_name (optional)
* last_name (optional)
* birthday ‐ date in format DD.MM.YYYY (optional)
* gender ‐ interer 0, 1, 2, where 0 is unknown, 1 is Male, 2 is Female (optional)

If you don't add one of pairs
* phone and email
* first_name and last_name
* birthday and gender
the request would not be valid. You should mention of these pairs.

The whole request looks kinda
```
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"account": "horns&hoofs", "login": "h&f",
"method": "online_score", "token":
"55cc9ce545bcd144300fe9efc28e65d415b923ebb6be1e19d2750a2c03e80dd209a27954dca045e5bb12418e7d89b6d718a9e35af3",
"arguments": {"phone": "70123456789", "email": "012345@678.90", "first_name": "Stas",
"last_name": "Stupnikov", "birthday": "01.01.1990", "gender": 1}}' http://127.0.0.1:8080/method/
```
## Test

To test application for correct work you should run **test.py** script. Choose which command do you like more:
```
python3 test.py 
pytest test.py
```
When you run this command application perform unit and functional tests on api.py.

Commit message:

Create Dockerfile and start.sh. Modify test.pt with aspect to ubuntu 16.04 and python3.4

HW_03_API/README.md, after:

# Third Homework Task
## Python API to POST requests to work with scoring and interests of users

There are two ways to start this application correctly. Choosing first way you should install on your local machine key-value storage **memcached** and suitable library for python3. In this application python-memcached is used. Then change directory to api.

Before you launch server you should start your localhost memcached to work with api. The command should be like this:
```
memcached -p 11211 -d
```

Choosing second way you can build and start docker container simply calling start.sh. All necessary libraries will be installed on build and memcached daemon will start automatically on run.
```
bash start.sh
```

To start HttpServer you should type 
```
python api.py 
```
By default server is on 8080 port of your localhost, listen to memcached on port 11211 and there is no log file, all log information goes to stdout.
If you want to change this configuration you can pass port and name of log file by their short and long options names like this:
```
python api.py -p 8989
python api.py --port 8989
python api.py -m 11211
python api.py --memcached 11211
python api.py -l log.log
python api.py --log log.log
```

To create valid requests to working server you should choose a method which would you like to use.
There are two methods: **clients_interests** and **online_score**.

## Common configuration to all requests

If you want to send request you should create POST request, for example by curl utilite, and send arguments and
parameters in **json** format.

For valid working of API pass next parameters with request:

* account
* login
* method 
* token
* arguments

## Clients interests

To get clients interests you should add ```"method": "clients_interests"``` to your json. Then you should add ids of
users in format of array in **arguments** parameter of your json. For example: ```"client_ids": [1, 2, 3]```. Also you can
add optional field **date** in format "DD.MM.YYYY". The whole request looks kinda
```
$ curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"account": "horns&hoofs", "login": "admin",
"method": "clients_interests", "token":
"d3573aff1555cd67dccf21b95fe8c4dc8732f33fd4e32461b7fe6a71d83c947688515e36774c00fb630b039fe2223c991f045f13f2",
"arguments": {"client_ids": [1,2,3,4], "date": "20.07.2017"}}' http://127.0.0.1:8080/method/
```

## Online score

To get online score of user you want to know about you should add ```"method": "online_score"``` to your json. Then you
should add to arguments map such fields as

* phone ‐ string or number of length 11, starts with 7 (optional)
* email (optional)
* first_name (optional)
* last_name (optional)
* birthday ‐ date in format DD.MM.YYYY (optional)
* gender ‐ interer 0, 1, 2, where 0 is unknown, 1 is Male, 2 is Female (optional)

If you don't add one of pairs
* phone and email
* first_name and last_name
* birthday and gender
the request would not be valid. You should mention of these pairs.

The whole request looks kinda
```
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"account": "horns&hoofs", "login": "h&f",
"method": "online_score", "token":
"55cc9ce545bcd144300fe9efc28e65d415b923ebb6be1e19d2750a2c03e80dd209a27954dca045e5bb12418e7d89b6d718a9e35af3",
"arguments": {"phone": "70123456789", "email": "012345@678.90", "first_name": "Stas",
"last_name": "Stupnikov", "birthday": "01.01.1990", "gender": 1}}' http://127.0.0.1:8080/method/
```
## Test

To test application for correct work you should run **test.py** script. Choose which command do you like more:
```
python test.py 
```
When you run this command application perform unit and functional tests on api.py.
